what's up my kids let's see what you
explain a very simple little thing about the
city where I live in case you ever have to
come on vacation and
it asks us for a surprise okay here in
Seville there are four seasons summer
winter Santa Gusta and Saint Bernard yes
here [ __ ] last week I was
on the street taking the dog in suspenders
in suspenders at noon and I'm here all
[ __ ] day I don't move from the radiator
the radiator seems with me the monkey
from Lavín that went by day wherever I went and I might
as well do on the radiator that I go to the
mate the radiator that I go to the kitchen the
radiator Layton how cold how
[ __ ] cold it is that as soon as it gets warm it's that I'm
going to have to take a chair and
a table break it set it on fire today
we're going to criticize a character
[Music]
what character are we going to criticize it's that I do
n't really know what's wrong with me
that I have positive poles and
negative poles I'm going to bring all the
[ __ ] you know that in all
these typical American series there's
always a character that is a little
short of mind no, he's the
funniest he has a weird look and
he's a little short of mind no, in the
series it's about family matters there was this
anvil but there was also one
named waldo the saved by the
bell was missing there was one like that with the
curly hairs to have the hair of my
cons and he was quite [ __ ] no well
here on youtube we have this one he
calls himself on the internet papi
diablo ok I hear myself papi
diablo and he seems to me like a
reggaeton singer not like a land of turner and
also one of the tough ones not like those who
walk around with their arms all borrowed
from tattoos and top state of vicens no,
normally people have a
vice in each arm and those people
here have like hundreds it's not like these little
dolls from street fighter
no, what are you saying [ __ ] I [ __ ] on the [ __ ]
but how many muscles do they have in their arm
by the way let it be the last time that I
put in the comments that that one there is
not like 6 the boom that is warrior
moon with the hair  blue or salt or with knots
when I take a look at his channel he doesn't
have videos of I was robbed at
gunpoint and the final ellipsis wind
irlas youtuber max is and well that could
happen no but we already started here with the
five best porn actresses the [ __ ]
ricky berwick the disabled youtuber
meta had a dead dolphin let's go to this
channel it will not monetize no way but it's that
some of the videos you see here
like pokemon yellow
power rangers vs ninja turtles is
that this man is a trap singer
well the subject of the songs in the
back would be to make a separate video
so give it like and subscribe if I
notice a lot a lot of support the same
we react here or live
because it is not wasted in
any way and in some way with what we are I
love how the city goes that
here everyone earns money not as
if they were drug traffickers from what
Pablo Escobar obtains he stands
naked next to them and then he trusts you
in the video clip he has some
smoke underwear and not only  that says that since they
pay for everything he has and they're actually
recording the music video here in some
kind of filthy little room, don't be
a junkyard, it won't be scheduled, it looks like
every piece and a sofa, oh my God, and your
lives will get in your ass, I'm sure if you
feel the case that this man has
criticized me and from what he says in the title he
has made me look ridiculous,
what are we going to do, I don't understand why the [ __ ] he
puts his cap on like that he doesn't
put it forward or backward he puts it
diagonally across it's like he's
so crazy today they smoke so much that he has no
[ __ ] idea where your nose is and
where the back of your neck is with your sunglasses, much
less a designated girlfriend, not only are we going
to ignore the fact that he's recording with
sunglasses inside his house, which makes no
sense at all, but what we are going to
talk about is the blouse already, plus what, what the [ __ ] is that
blouse? That's a
poster of this that comes as a gift
when you buy GTA but GTA
Vice and Tino, also with the wrinkles and
the dessert is still open and you're creating
a t-shirt  with that post well nothing I have
the Vaseline ready because I
imagine that this man must have
humiliated me of course so nothing
let's see what he said to me hello
my goodness this piece of video has just been
put up from the beginning from the
beginning let's go from the beginning the
beginning of my channel that I well
was recording some videos while they
gave me the apartment in my
sister's room at my parents' house but I'm about to
get
the apartment and start creating my setup that did
n't even have the dragon furniture that didn't
have the CNI or most of the
things that there are now in fact I recorded it does
n't even have spotlights and I record with
sunlight you screwed my friends
[Music]
what's up guys
first of all I want to apologize
for my two previous videos don't
ask because I know why I say it
but well young people of the road how
are you I would love to know why
subscribers call him young people of the
road young people of the road it's because
seeing the clothes he wears and that he calls
his subscribers that way the only thing
that occurs to me is that his
fans have  met at a brothel
here at my house as always I guess
you guys also your house as
always although maybe not who knows you
can watch this video from any
location or is it the fact that he puts on
the glasses to record at home that in
itself seems very
stupid to me not only would it be missing that he put
a little bit of Nivea cream on you in case you burn
yourself the fact that you
go around with those glasses from the Chinese and you haven't even taken
off the [ __ ] sticker I
got this little jar of illumination
I don't know to give it illumination
trampoline house my videos let's see let's see if I get this straight
daddy devil you bought
those lights that are a few meters of
light it's these legal ones for
Christmas trees not to give a little bit of light
after pen here to your video but now
you take them and take them out of the shot you put them
there on the table it's as if no the lame and I
say let's see kids look how cool I
bought this replica of Chucky to
decorate the background of my videos it
looks good today I'm going to  dedicate a
video to youtube
oliveira that many of you will know but
for those who don't know him he's a youtube
the sevillian known mainly for
making videos criticizing dallas because he
decided to make this video well to
answer this question I'm going to
take off my glasses
[Music]
and well this youtuber is dedicated to
criticizing the content it's super
important that he take off his glasses to
answer that question to another youtuber
to grow on youtube so I
think it's legitimate that I can do the
same with him I have to clarify that I
have nothing personal against him and
that these videos are about humor so if you
want to hear an acid criticism of the
content of this magnificent youtuber
stay until the end and of course
subscribe to my youtube channel right now
I want to see them all by subscribing
come on run let's go it's I'm
waiting for you the time has come sus to
live os that if you don't subscribe mask I
will grab death brave in
aguinaldo can anyone explain to me well
why pokemon come out while you are
asking people to subscribe javi
oliveira is a  youtuber who
basically makes two types of content on the
one hand we have the video reviews that
they make music videos videos that he finds
on youtube and something like a play
but a version of the April Fair in a
happy way sevillanas by the way if you like
the cold ávi I'll leave you some
nice sevillanas so you can do it
but because everyone assumes
that in andalusia we only listen to
sevillanas seriously canal sur has
done us a lot of harm it gets me really angry
when I travel abroad and people
start clapping me and saying
ole ole
on the other hand javi oliveira makes
salsa videos criticizing other
youtubers especially dallas just like
other content creators like
jairo blogs jairón blog
jairo blog jairo blog blog jairo blogs
hai doble I think they wanted to give me
a hint with height with jairo blog I
think but I didn't get it from xi'an he
wanted to launch me I didn't get it in
his videos they seem like they're straight out
of spielberg in fact when I watch his
videos  the image
of et the extraterrestrial comes to mind [ __ ] master jairo
javi blog you are the master of youtube
jairo javi blogs javi oliveira is
obsessed with dallas that he dreams about him
every night and this is something that
seems wrong to me seriously javi you have to
respect dallas more
atypical easy criticism that everyone makes me
when they want to have
beef that I make many videos of dallas
like mom knows my sister if each video
gives me 200 bucks what do you think I would do
one every morning if necessary I mean
this is like aspirin take one
every eight hours you know I don't give a
damn about that man I just
want money rich in fact when
dallas is calm and doesn't get into
controversy the [ __ ] jairo javi blog they
throw it in his face I delete javi blog javi leave him
alone aldalá you are very
obsessed with him but very
obsessed if that entity is not
the tongue that is obsessed that you
have in your neurons printed the image
of dallas in fact I think that the majority
erotic fantasy that javi oliveira could have
would be to have a threesome with jairo
blogs and dallas while liz and records and the
human being handles it from a sofa
observing everything who knows what point
to code that he graphed has been is the [ __ ] have
you not thought of something more disgusting
papi gabi the only thing that you are missing is for
you to get involved in the equation and well what else to
tell
jairo ribeira apart from that he has the
typical appearance of rednecks from Seville that
goes out drinking every weekend to see see see see
please tell me that
this person has not criticized my appearance
please it is that I thought I
heard it but it is not clear to me to
tell me that this that is here in mine has
not criticized my appearance because in
truth he seems like a
friendly nice guy and above all a
scammer because he scammed his public with I do
n't know what move of I don't know what raffle of
an iphone well really I don't know if it's
true it's that a friend told me maybe
the river sounds it's that
the truth is that I did not inform myself
much about  what can i say to take the
opportunity that javi oliveira is a
scammer well it is possible that he is not
but if you are a scammer I
mean look at me many times when I
see the outtakes of my videos I say
[ __ ] what a ridiculous point no not to see
this kid from his raw video I mean
the raw video of this kid without
editing has to be a [ __ ] gem
better than the diamond plate of
youtube in fact he is such a scammer that he
could perfectly be the third
member of team 2 tubert in fact he is
seen more and more next to the data I think it
can no longer be that the [ __ ]
wants to get involved in all the controversy
I think that if javi had
occurred to have made the kenia
2 channel without anyone finding out before
team 2 tucker he would surely have done it it
is clear that one side is clear you
caught jairo oliveira and oliveira
is also famous for having done a
debate to the death with dale yes it was a
truly impressive and
spectacular show worthy of remembering forever
and ever at the end of the debate they agreed that they would
do a photo shoot together
erotic homosexual tinge
you know what it is all the knows what
I love this I love this because
this photo is about these old photos from
behind photos of my honeymoon
exactly notice by the way I'm
hot and business look here in the
zoom I already have the tattoo okay ok from
far away in the photo I don't have the tattoo it's
the original photo that didn't have a tattoo
yet and up close I do have the tattoo
because this is because this is because I didn't
have photos it's been a long time since I
uploaded some photos to Instagram a
few months ago I don't remember when it was
and I told my designer hey I'm going to
use an old photo that never
uploaded me this big never but I need them to
put the tattoos on me because
if not they're going to notice that it's not
current also what the [ __ ] I never
shave like that no matter how many times I shave like
that I look like I'm 16 years old what the
[ __ ] is that instead of combing my hair I
put my cap back and maybe
Dallas decides to I don't know to
seduce me so what the [ __ ] did
this devil daddy do
to take the photo of  both ways and he hasn't even
noticed the detail of the
tattoo you know what this happens this
is the swimsuit this is the swimsuit I'm
going with you to Ireland to take the photo
I'm sure that night when you do the
photo shoot everything that they comment will happen
before the trio jairo oliveira
blogs is a person look here to the room I
was like advancing not here what happens this
was one of my first videos is
very well known this guy my entire biography on
youtube here
the room is a little more filled
but I'm not going to buy the focus
okay I was still recording with sunlight
or with the yellow light on by the
way,
a [ __ ] [ __ ] he put me very far
from the camera and it seemed like I was
talking to a pole half up my ass Gustav the
frog Lasi appeared what an [ __ ]
and at night he
spends his free time watching
cultural programs just as they tell it save me
de luxe big brother or 'sesame street'
let's talk about the program big brother
in case someone still does
n't know what it is
turn off and  let's go daddy devil that you
accuse me of watching the trash program when
you are known because daddy devil you
are not known for its music video beep
why why are you known pub and I talk no no no
no
ah
I imagine him there like Jane do not
see how handsome I am watching how a
group of mentally [ __ ] people charge
thousands of euros to argue and fornicate
locked in a house
I am very intelligent and now to continue
demonstrating my great intellect I am going to
make a video to Dallas well what else to
comment on jairo halle blogs oliveira
javi javi so he is obsessed with
Disney he has not chosen that company
because if it is a company that only seeks to
make money it is not a dream factory he
is the bad guy he was the captain good he has
done his job well he has screwed me
because economically it is going to be a
rip off but let's give him one last
positive point to finish
this video and that is that I have to recognize
one thing and that is that he has very
nice hair what a shame it becomes
bald like wii
well special [ __ ] it is
giving you a like and I was leaving  to subscribe you
bastard to saleh you get a dislike and
everything will go to this point this video is
[ __ ] this video is [ __ ] and
well that's all for today I think
we had a great time I
couldn't say that you don't tell us no because if
not I would stab you with
a cigarette but that you have enjoyed
my advantage knife or with a cigarette
[Music]
think dialectically in audiovisual format
that I know there is always a joke even
though sometimes I do it in an
unnatural way that's what
quantum physics and string theory have the whole
universe is based on probabilistic laws
what happens at a subatomic level affects the
world what we make in the logistics of
reality and everything that surrounds us
even if they are quantum fields there are people
who experience it and people who don't and javi
oliveira is one of those people who doesn't
experience it although he experiments
sexually with men on a
regular basis one thing has nothing to do with
the other I know you didn't understand me
because even I didn't understand it but well
I'm leaving put down the joints  bye a
lot okay this is the definitive proof
that drugs do harm not to
drugs and nothing to me guys I hope you
had fun okay it was a
pretty funny video I
really liked this review I laughed I
had a good time reacting to it and nothing
if you ever find something
interesting for me to see do not
hesitate to send it to me okay I have the
email there so you can send me the things you
want me to criticize or
react to or topics that you think you
should talk about okay anything okay it's that you
are my flag on Instagram and I
lose the messages there never the
verbal ones use the email because they
stay saved there until the next video
[Music]